whats up youtube today i'm going to show
you how to fix Soul Surfer it ation on
my coby letters so these will be the
ones i'm reparing because look at all of
that that's all fucked up so i got this
pot two years ago when i drop pretty
much fuck them to their fullest and
everything
don't reputation is that I was going to
a quick video we are wondering how to
hip social segregation
look if you see these these are the ones
I haven't done yet and if you look at
these these are the ones I had them that
came out
pretty good in the front you know not
gonna come out perfect
pretty good all right you're gonna need
is the glue I recommend you buy comes
with two packets only a dollar you don't
want to buy this roof if you might run
out pretty quick like if you're doing a
couple pairs of shoes like two pairs of
shoes is a maximum you have for these
two glutes so what you're going to need
those booths wife is important you get
it on the patent leather or whatever
material you have you can easily wipe it
off instead of like that you're on
turning white and what else you're going
to need is razor blade I've recommend
use this instead of using so this is a
little work but or nice but just don't
fuck up the fact that you can use these
you know you're gonna use it for is
scrape off the little stuff on the
inside you know probably do Bruce in the
dirt and ship and there that you want to
scrub off so yeah
I need a lot of you focus on that
horrible reputation
so grab my wifey use it on my last one
and you can still use it so you could
drive off gonna have to waste wipies so
what you're going to want to do Oh like
first grab your blade or your scissors
or whatever the fuck it is scrape that
shit
some of it didn't come out too good
still kind of feel it got a lot of crust
off of their shit
what I want to do is that you'll see far
down there that is that whole bottom
layer you're gonna want to catch it
because then it'll reopen again start by
grabbing the bottom with your glue so
you don't waste glue and then just push
this thing down and just apply your
liquid glue that should be directed
just push down on that shit
these shoes of course I'm i repaint
shit they're all fucked up and
it's horrible can't believe I take care
of these on these honestly my favorite
pair of lessons
mother fucker
fucking super glue look fucking glove
oh shit Oh everything I got
knowledgeably do that
how much
fuck doubt i'll get a later showing
other this one had a piece of rubber
missing so hell yeah I definitely gotta
get these
see you gotta careful super glue is
closed ok so I've got that bottom layer
down there still fills every now you're
gonna place them to the top
by the way too much
white clover I'm just going to show you
how this on my feet about grace
I recommend you not deleted you want
some jordan 11s do not fucking buying
off ebay i tried to buy some jordans
from ebay brand new of legends and
they're real in the bitches little when
they sent them there were replicas and I
was pissed off so i just burnt them home
on fire wasted 208 books some some
somewhere around it like 200 220 210
then come out Oh
it's good these are fucked up these are
way worse if you could get the
comparison
this one right here doesn't have the
rubber missing so it came out re it left
a little bit of that white stuff all you
gotta do is get that stuff to clean
patent leather the all you're gonna need
for two for the past days
a hand lotion and body lotion with every
and just watch and just put that on your
anger there to take all the white stuff
off so I'm gonna have to find a way to
repair this one but as you can see this
one came out really good